# 9417Ass-Movie-Recommender-System

The Collaborative filtering (CF) algorithm attempts to find a model that provides a specific suggestion through user behavior. He judges their preference for the movie based on the user's behavioral data, such as the user's rating of the movie they have watched. The key issue is that if two users have similar ratings for other items, then one of the users will not rate the product. The rating should be similar to another user. Due to the simplicity and effectiveness of the method based on the neighborhood (user, item), they are able to produce accurate personalized recommendations, but are limited by size because of the need to calculate similarities between users or between commodities, in large-scale data. The user's rating is sparse, with only a small percentage of users or products rated.

User-based collaborative filtering and item-based collaborative filtering systems are called Memory based collaborative filtering technologies. Their common shortcoming is that data is sparse and difficult. Processing large amounts of data affects immediate results, so a model-based collaborative filtering technique has been developed.

The model-based method uses scoring to learn an effective model, and uses the machine learning method to learn the user-item interaction relationship to obtain a model. It is said that the model- based collaborative filtering method is a better recommendation system method for establishing collaborative filtering. There are many machine learning methods that can be used to build models. The experiment uses matrix factorisation, singular value decomposition (SVD), which decomposes goods and users into spaces that can represent user-item recessive relationships. Behind it is how the recessive feature represents the user's rating of the product, so we can estimate the rating of the user without rating the product.
